Hi, I'm Kim.
I'm a technical program
manager at Google.
I'm currently working in
the security, mergers,
and acquisitions team.
Where I work with other
companies that we purchase,
and I help them integrate
into the Google environment.
I've held multiple roles
before getting into
cybersecurity and
even technology.
I first started working
as a restaurant worker,
and then I became
an English Tutor
for international students
at my local college.
After doing multiple
internships,
and graduating from university,
I had my first opportunity
to work in technology,
and that's where my
interests in technology,
and eventually
cybersecurity began.
I want to tell everyone
with any type of
background that you can
get into cybersecurity.
If you're interested in
protecting information,
if you're interested in
protecting people in the future,
security is there for you.
There are so many different
roles you can do,
and all of the skills
that you have now,
and that you've gathered
previously,
can be applicable
within security.
The skill that I use the most is
connecting with people every day.
I can't get anything done
unless I connect with
them the right way.
So that's actually the
biggest skill I
lean on the most
working in security.
A piece of advice I would give
for someone new starting in
the cybersecurity field
is to keep an open mind.
I started out with a
degree in business,
so I didn't even feel like I was
technical enough to
be where I am today.
And before that, all
of my experiences
were either restaurant work,
or marketing work, or
just something that
felt like it was
unrelated to technology.
But all of that helped
me and motivated me to
actually kind of get my feet more
wet into technology,
and then eventually security.
And before I knew it,
that self-doubt was really
replaced with more of a support
from my peers and
respect from other people
that I've worked with.